DONE :The forum requires email, username and password for registration.  // users table has email, username and password for entry
DONE: The forum detects incorrect email or password during login. // Implement two stage check FE and on int BE
DONE: The server uses correct HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT...etc). // will be added for sure, can not do it without.
DONE: The code uses at least one SELECT query. // will be implemented 
DONE: The database is designed with an Entity Relationship Diagram ERD // In progress 
DONE: The code uses at least one INSERT query.
DONE: User registration data is stored in the database. // make sure all the fields are used
DONE: Posts are stored in the database. // there is a post table
DONE: Comments are stored in the database. // each comment can be 
DONE: Only allowed packages are used.
DONE: The code uses at least one CREATE query.// in the db sql setup uses create you can not use create to modify the existing schema when the program is running.
DONE: Passwords are secured and encrypted using bcrypt or other strong algorithms. 
DONE: Users can register successfully. // can create a new user
DONE: The forum detects duplicate email or username during registration. // Check on the backend two function get user by Name and Get user by email
DONE: Registered users can log in and access features.  
DONE: UUIDs are used to manage sessions.
DONE: Sessions are implemented for user persistence.
DONE: Multiple browser sessions function correctly.
DONE: Users have access to profile pages.
DONE: Only registered users can like or dislike posts and comments.
DONE: Posts cannot be liked and disliked simultaneously. // Try to handle on the FE if session if session id has done a POST... to the /like or /dislike handler don't let it be done again.
DONE: Posts can be filtered by category. // the category menu on the left
DONE: Posts can be associated with categories.
DONE: Only registered users can create posts.
DONE:Only registered users can create  comments.
DONE: Empty posts  are not allowed.
DONE: Empty comments are not allowed.
DONE: Registered users can view their created posts and liked posts. // each post has a user_id ref
DONE: Search functionality is implemented, with advanced search options. // search by body content
DONE: The project has other bonus features that are not listed in the bonus part.
DONE: Get all queries back sorted by the latest post
DONE: Get all queries back sorted by the latest post
DONE: It is easy to respond to posts.
DONE: Extras update user profile. HS task

VERIFY: The number ofOD likes and dislikes is displayed and updated correctly. // Each post has the like dislike count


---BUGS/Design---
TODO: time zone, is wrong will remove from display on the profile page.
TODO: the search bar is not visible one other pages.
TODO: the wrong password does not give a proper error
TODO: empty Categories have no indication that they are empty
TODO: No all tab under Post Categories.
TODO: Site navigation has the Homepage button why, move to categories all?


---Posts,likes and comments---
TODO: The number of likes and dislikes for comments is visible to all users. Hs task
TODO: It is easy to respond to comments. HS task


---Server
TODO: The project handles HTTP status 400 and 500 errors gracefully.
TODO: The forum displays a warning message for invalid login attempts.
TODO: The server behaves as expected (no crashes).
TODO: All pages function correctly (no unhandled 404 errors).
TODO: The server uses appropriate HTTP response codes, 2XX, 4XX.
TODO: The interface handles 5XX HTTP response codes gracefully.

--- User friendliness---

TODO: Categories are effective in organising discussions.
TODO: Content has intuitive filtering.
TODO: Error messages are informative and user-friendly.
TODO: SQL queries are effective and efficient.
TODO: The registration process is user-friendly.
TODO: The registration process is  secure.
TODO: The interface is clear, well set out and navigable.
TODO: Design

---DOCKER---
TODO: A Dockerfile is present in the project.
TODO: A Docker image can be built successfully using the Dockerfile.
TODO: The container runs successfully using the created image.
TODO: The project has no unused Docker objects.
